Now, that our notebook instance is in service,
we can click on Open to open up the Notebook Hub.
Zoom in a little bit. All right.
So, on the top here,
you can see there's a tab that says, ''SageMaker Examples.''
It gives you a bunch of notebooks that work through
different examples of using SageMaker
and I would certainly recommend that you take a look at some of those,
if you'd like some additional resources.
For now, though we're going to use git to download
the notebooks for this module into our notebook instance.
To do that, we click on New and open up a Terminal. All right.
So, first we want to switch into the SageMaker directory,
which we'll do like this,
and now what we want to do is clone the GitHub repository
for this module into the SageMaker directory.
So, we do that by typing git clone and then the name of the repository which is
https://github.com/udacity/sagemaker-deployment and there we go.
Now, that we're done we just type exit and close
the terminal tab and you can see that a directory has
been added called sagemaker-deployment and inside are
all of the different notebooks that we'll be going through.